Save proposal order (#25)
CodiTramuntana/decidim-som-energia-app: docs/overrides.md

This document lists all the overrides that have been done at the Decidim platform. Those overrides can conflict with platform updates. During a platform upgrade they need to be compared to the ones of the Decidim project.

> The best way to spot these problems is reviewing the changes in the files that are overriden using git history and apply the changes manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best way to spot these problems is by reviewing the changes in the files that are overridden using git history and apply the changes manually.
```
:smile:
